PlanetSpark is a global company impacting students all over the world . Live 1:1 personalised classes on Public Speaking and Creative Writing conducted by handpicked top 1% teachers . Students participate in gripping debates, create viral YouTube videos, start their own podcast channels, perform stand-up comedy, write nail-biting mystery stories, and become confident and fearless speakers . We are backed by leading global VCs and growing monthly by 30% .  PlanetSpark's students have created a collection of captivating books that will transport you to realms beyond your imagination . Teachers possess an unwavering passion for education and a deep commitment to nurturing the potential of each student . They have extensive knowledge and expertise in public speaking and creative writing, they bring the subjects to life .  PlanetSpark has established its own teacher training arm - SparkEd TeacherAcademy . It aims to empower teachers with the knowledge, skills, and innovative methodologies required to thrive in the ever-evolving world of education . A study published in the Journal of Online Learning and Teaching found that teachers face unique challenges in managing student behavior online .  The Certified Teacher Excellence Program is designed to be dynamic, engaging, and interactive . The program will equip teachers with effective communication techniques and the ability to inspire and connect with students on a deeper level . We believe that being an exceptional teacher compasses both effective teaching techniques and ability to . inspire. The program aims to bridge the gap between research and practice, equipping teachers with the tools and strategies to create engaging and impactful learning environments .  PlanetSpark has developed a comprehensive and dynamic curriculum that equips teachers with the knowledge, skills, and strategies needed to excel in the modern educational landscape . Our curriculum is designed to provide a holistic understanding of various aspects of behavioural and functional knowledge and skills needed for teachers to be successful . The curriculum includes five pillars of public speaking, pedagogy, classroom management, assessment and feedback .  The Certified Teacher Excellence Program (CTEP) is led by experienced trainers and facilitators dedicated to guiding and supporting teachers on their professional journey . The CEP is based in New Delhi, India, based on the CEP’s online teaching platform PlanetSpark.com .  SparkEd Teacher Academy welcomes candidates who are passionate about making a meaningful impact in the field of education . You can be among the top 1% of teachers with PlanetSpark. The greater the number of students you teach, the more you earn. Every enrolment of 165 classes adds to the business. You can apply if you are an aspiring teacher or an experienced teacher .  PlanetSpark's online platform's unique approach rewards teachers who dedicate their time to their craft . As you commit more time and energy, you'll see a notable rise in student enrollments . The key to unlocking your full potential lies in the graph's clear message . Join our collaborative network of educators to expand your professional network .